Flawless streaming.
Midway through the movie, there was a dip in quality. Possibly due to a network disconnection (had to restart the AP) or the me multitasking on the laptop.
Slowness and buffering and long time to load 
Got pretty grainy throughout the night. At one point it said there was no internet connection. 
This was one of the few nights recently where I did not experience an interruption in signal from Netflix.
I worked fine and was going very fast
Hulu was unwatchable.
Video froze or skipped 3-4x
At first when on the 2.5 GHZ band the live stream stopped several times (we were streaming the nba finals). After we switched to 5 ghz it became better
Slow performance, video was choppy
Kept freezing in the middle of the basketball game 
Paused twice in a buffering style
Buffering at the start of the video
No problems to report. 
No buffering at all. Quick startup. On older iPad. 
The video showed up grainy/pixelated at times. 
Was spotty
Stream cut out halfway through show - this rarely happens
Quality declined today. Pixelation.
Glitchy
Occasional screen flickering / quality loss
It played fine as usual
Long load time
Significant connection problems - stream stopped. Ran a fast.com speed test and was getting good speeds. Don’t understand. We also had problems stream video or audio from a baseball game on mlb  
It was good until around 21:15 when I lost the signal.
We were able to watch a full episode but were unable to finish a second. I'm not sure whether this was an internet problem or a Netflix problem.
Clear visually and the sound was good.  
Netflix wouldn't load repeatedly. Some problems with Amazon Prime Video around the same time.
Manually checked and was going at 1080p on an ipad
I think this was my dog sitter watching something on Netflix. I'm covering Hurricane Florence.
Quality of picture wasn't great at one point when there was a lot of movement and people dancing on screen (this was sesame street). 
Service was interupted
Lower resolution at the beginning 
Was watching a movie, got halfway through and then it started having buffering and connectivity problems. Wasn't able to finish.
Started a movie, got halfway through it and then it had connectivity issues.